Welcome to this video on advance custom fields.
So so far all of the changes that we've made so far to the theme we've done in cold in the text editor
birhor if the end user of your Feme wants change saum Information some text or some images we need to
provide a way for them to change content quickly and easily.
We don't know how to code in a great way of doing this is by adding advanced custom fields.
So if you go over to the website which is advanced custom fields dot com.
This is the website for a really easy to use plug in which you're going to implement into our theme
in this video.
So because this is a plug in looking at this easily in the dashboard.
So go onto the dashboard.
And it's like plug ins.
Then it's new.
So in case you've not used a Wordpress plugging before it's just a way of adding extra functionality
to the word press corps.
And this falls into different WordPress plugins available and it's really worth a quick search to find
some great features to add.
So unguents search for advanced custom fields.
Then enter.
So the version I'm going to use is the first one which comes up which is the advanced custom fields
and then select install now.
Okay.
So once you got the success message at the bottom there then click on up to a plug in.
So that activated will get a new option in the dashboard.
So good on two custom fields and click on the song I show you how to do this.
By going through the front page and changing some of the areas on there such as the the text undie office
sections.
So and when I enter a field group which is a group of fields which you want to change so select the
newble and.
And keep this organize.
When a call is section the front page.
Then publish that.
And then I'm going to add a field and a field is one of the areas which you want to change.
So if you go in to our From page Buggins of the local host and the tranquil site song they start by
changing the feature text on the front there.
This is gonna be a field.
So back into the dashboard.
The feel label is the name.
So we call it the feature text.
And if you just press tab were press law and mightly generate a field name and it is a name that will
add to the code later on.
So the field type is okay as text.
And I'm going to add some instructions which shows up in the dashboard for the user.
So when the changes to use this field to change the main features xt.
And required.
Yes we want that to be always there.
You can create a default value if you want.
Because it's required it's not really needed to know.
And this field there.
Okay it's and I will go with feature text field included.
We've got the field name of feature underscore text.
I'm just going to copy that name and then in the function section.
If will look for the feature text function.
In the front page section we can delete this fully responsive premium spa message so delete that and
then we put in the function the underscore field.
And then in brackets we put in the name of the field that we just created.
So were copied that before.
So paste in feature text and save.
So if you go back over to the home page and refresh.
So there's not enough now because we need to add this into the dashboard so because we all know what
these custom fields to show up on the front page we need to change the location to be the page type
equal to from Page.
And then update that.
So back to the SOC and hit update.
So now if we go to the front page and then edit page and then scroll down.
We should see the featured text section that was created and now we've got this as part of the dashboard
the user can ah ah change different parts of the website.
We're not known any cold.
So we put the head in buckin so fully responsive then the brain psych.
Premium spa theme.
And the brace for wordpress.
An update.
Then view the page.
So that's our text box in place.
So if we go back to edit page one thing I just want to remove is the content editor because our page
is generated by the template.
So to remove that just go to the advanced custom fields and then in high on screen section.
Just check the content editor.
Update.
And then refresh the.
Edit page section.
And now that's gone there.
So they got said that's how you add a custom field in wordpress.
We'll continue from page in the next video will start and custom fields to the latest Office section.